1) Was difficult setting the prompts because for different questions, I needed to engineer the prompts such that there will not be repetitions of questions (I got repetitions - at a point, only addition questions were coming) - had to craft the prompt in such a way that the questions were diversified.

2) Since prompting didn't give me what I needed, I had to actually refer to questions dataset and feed it into the system so that I got more refinded questions.

3) While using AI, prompt engineering is really important. First I had to give the AI agent role as python teacher, then for the answering part, the role had to be given as Python solver.

4) Problem aroused when I had to validate the answers the user was giving, the users may use different variables and stuff which are different from the ones that AI is generating.

5) Further workings are needed on how to improve the feedback, instant feedback is good, maybe some hint giving mechanism is also gonna help and where to implement them on the UI.

6) It was difficult to find the right AI APIs.

7) Gamification in the UI can be done, for example - to reveal the answer, there can be a point system. Users will get points if they get correct answers and they can redeem/use the points to reveal the answers.
Same way can happen with tips - for say, tips can cost around 1 point and to reveal the answers, it is gonna be 3 points.
This will engage the users more and there can be some other way too to accumulate points.

8) When doing difficult problems, the code will be large - it is a problem to format the code text in the frontend and also to AI check the answers, it will hard because there will be a lot of ways and different variables to do the answer.

9) Had to stick with beginner problems because everybody started to learn has to get a base.

10) Proper text formatting should be done. The text sent from the backend is just plain text and in the UI, for the students to understand, proper Python kinda syntaxing needed to be done.

11) When getting the results, the results are from AI, not sure about the accuracy. But since they are trained on heavy parameters and stuff, and with the added tips and hints and human brains, the answers might be correct.